Move motivation, goals and members to website (#4)
nixpkgs-architecture/.github: profile/README.md

- A discussion will take place as to whether you're accepted as a new team member
- The current team members will reach consensus on whether to accept the request and record that decision in the public [team log](https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/team-log) document, including all relevant arguments
- If accepted, [@infinisil:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/@infinisil:matrix.org) will take these steps for adding you to the team:

>   - Updating the team list [here](https://nixos.org/community/teams/nixpkgs-architecture.html) with your entry and all relevant details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Updating the team list [here](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/blob/master/community/teams/nixpkgs-architecture.tt) with your entry and all relevant details
```

The process for voluntarily or involuntarily removing a team member is done by [@infinisil:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/@infinisil:matrix.org) and goes as follows:
- An removal entry is added to the public [team log](https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/team-log) including all relevant arguments for removal

> - Remove the respective team member from the team list [here](https://nixos.org/community/teams/nixpkgs-architecture.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the respective team member from the team list [here](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/blob/master/community/teams/nixpkgs-architecture.tt)
```
